	There is one fundamental desire endemic to almost all of humanity; the desire to spread oneself. To spread ones ideals is almost second nature, especially to someone of the same nature as myself. To let a piece of yourself
live on. Preserving a tiny part of a passing state of yourself in the mind of another, in my eyes, is a goal that humanity shares. It is also a way for humans to grow and expand themselves. Through bouncing off, growing, and 
revisiting ideas, they are allowed to blossom into concepts far beyond their original scope. These 'entries' that I am creating are not supposed to remain stagnant in you, the reader's, mind--but are supposed to grow. You are 
meant to reflect on the things I am talking about, form your own ideas, (and hopefully) grow your own unique version of them within the garden that is your mind. I do not seek to dominate in spaces which do not want me to dominate
, such a thing would fundamentally go against the ideals espoused in 'open-ego' (1). 
	
	Art is one of the greatest ways this 'desire' manifests. Whenever a creator wishes to either express an idea or simply create an artwork, those two roots are unquestionably tied to one another. One cannot simply remove 
their own biases from their creation, no matter how hard they try. I would argue that when an individual wishes to put out an idea, the mere act of placing structure around it is, in itself, a form of creating art. Using this 
line of thinking, I would define art as: "A physical container for an idea, created by and from an individual.". A truly broad definition for such a broad concept--arguably unneeded given the subject (2). In any case, anyone with
an idea and a means to express it can create an artwork. The process is not limited to the most creative among us, but is innate to humanity. It would do great wonders to someone if they recognize the innate ability they have by 
virtue of being alive, and to not diminish themselves through offloading to a thoughtless process. 

Footnotes
(1) The concept in question being the idea that steamrolling over another's will is the one true fundamental evil--a topic that I intend to explain in great detail later.
(2) Though I myself denounce it as unneeded, definitions can help people who enjoy having them. 
